csi: make use of create-external-cluster-resources.py upstream (#9952)
rook/rook: design/ceph/ceph-external-cluster.md

4. Create a new metric Service

5. Create an Endpoint resource based out of the IP addresses either discovered or provided by the user in the script

> ## Steps for creating external rook-ceph cluster

Reviewer: This is intended to be user documentation, right? If so, this should be added under Documentation instead of the design docs. Should this be a new section in the [external cluster doc](https://rook.github.io/docs/rook/v1.8/ceph-cluster-crd.html#external-cluster), or does that need to be modified as well?

Author: Yes this need modification.

> 1. Run the python script [create-external-cluster-resources.py](/deploy/examples/create-external-cluster-resources.py) on a standalone [ceph cluster](https://docs.ceph.com/en/pacific/cephadm/#cephadm) for creating all users/keys,

Reviewer: I'd suggest having two different level-3 heading sections, one for commands to run in the source cluster, and for the target cluster. It's confusing if they're all in a single section.

```console
python3 create-external-cluster-resources.py --rbd-data-pool-name <pool_name> --format bash
```

> rbd-data-pool-name should be created, and if you need to have CephFS secret details you have to pass filesystem name, and if you need to create rgw_admin_ops_user you need to pass rgw_endpoint (Rados GateWay endpoint (in <IP>:<PORT> format)) 

Author: Yaa did that, any other changes I need to do?

example: 
```console
python3 create-external-cluster-resources.py --rbd-data-pool-name <pool_name> --cephfs-filesystem-name <filesystem-name> --rgw-endpoint  <rgw-endpoint> --format bash
```

>Note: Use format bash, as to keep up with the further steps, and rbd-data-pool and cephfs-filesystem, should be created in advance.

2. After that you need to copy the bash output.

3. Now deploy Rook-Ceph, create [common.yaml](/deploy/examples/common.yaml), [crds.yaml](/deploy/examples/crds.yaml) and [operator.yaml](/deploy/examples/operator.yaml) manifests.

> 4. Just paste the above output from `create-external-cluster-resources.py` into your current shell, it will export all the data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Paste the above output from `create-external-cluster-resources.py` into your current shell to export all of the data.
```

4. Create a new metric Service

5. Create an Endpoint resource based out of the IP addresses either discovered or provided by the user in the script

## Steps for creating external rook-ceph cluster

> 1) Create a standalone [ceph cluster](https://docs.ceph.com/en/pacific/cephadm/#cephadm).

Reviewer 2: I don't think this step is needed. We just assume there is a cluster we want Rook to connect to.

> 2) Run the python script [create-external-cluster-resources.py](/deploy/examples/create-external-cluster-resources.py) on standalone ceph cluster for creating all users/keys,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Run the python script [create-external-cluster-resources.py](/deploy/examples/create-external-cluster-resources.py) on a standalone ceph cluster for creating all users/keys,
```

```console

> python3 create-external-cluster-resources.py --rbd-data-pool-name <pool_name> --format bash

Reviewer 2: is it `bash` or `plain`?

```

> rbd-data-pool-name should be created, and if you need to have CEPHFS secret details you have pass filesystem name, and if you need to create rgw_admin_ops_user you need to pass rgw_endpoint(Rados GateWay endpoint (in <IP>:<PORT> format)) 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
rbd-data-pool-name should be created, and if you need to have CephFS secret details you have to pass filesystem name, and if you need to create rgw_admin_ops_user you need to pass rgw_endpoint (Rados GateWay endpoint (in <IP>:<PORT> format)) 
```

example: 
```console
python3 create-external-cluster-resources.py --rbd-data-pool-name <pool_name> --cephfs-filesystem-name <filesystem-name> --rgw-endpoint  <rgw-endpoint> --format bash
```

>Note: Use format bash, as to keep up with the further steps, and rbd-data-pool and cephfs-filesystem, should be created in advance.

3) After that you need to copy the bash output.

> 4) Now start your k8s deployment, create [common.yaml](/deploy/examples/common.yaml), [crds.yaml](/deploy/examples/crds.yaml) and [operator.yaml](/deploy/examples/operator.yaml) manifest.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4) Now deploy Rook-Ceph, create [common.yaml](/deploy/examples/common.yaml), [crds.yaml](/deploy/examples/crds.yaml) and [operator.yaml](/deploy/examples/operator.yaml) manifests.
```

> 5) Just paste the above output to the CLI, it will export all the data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5) Just paste the output from `create-external-cluster-resources.py` into your current shell, it will export all the data.
```
